Sh/global cautious (#55)
siemens/OOASP: benchmarks/README.md

# Corner cases for benchmarking and inspecting

## Lowerbound

> 

Reviewer: Why is this section empty?

## The 9 frames

```console
python ooasp/run.py --frame 9
```

This case is similar with 17 frames but in that case it gets really slow.

### Smart expansion

1. *(object based)* One frame complains about needing a rack. So it is added

> 2. *(global upper)* The single frames don't know a rack is missing because they all think they can use the existing one. So the global constraint counts that if there is 9 frames the upperbound of the rack is filled and there has to be one more. So a second rack is added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. *(global upper)* The single frames don't know a rack is missing because they all think they can use the existing one. So the global constraint counts that if there is 9 frames the upper bound of the rack is filled and there has to be one more. So a second rack is added
```

> 3. Nothing else left to infer because both racks think they can fill their lowebound for frames with the existing ones. But this is not true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Nothing else left to infer because both racks think they can fill their lower bound for frames with the existing ones. But this is not true.
```
